This programme contains
strong language.
It's up to the PM. I'll go wherever
he wants. Bye-bye. Morning. Morning,
Minister.
You just off to
your 8.30 with Malcolm?
Yep. First one.
Into the lion's den. Viper's pit.
The belly of the beast.
The lair of the white worm.
The eye of the snake. Mm.
Not all of departments get
asked to the 8.30. That's true.
So it's a great honour to be there
with the big hitters. Always best to
be inside the tent pissing out.
Absolutely. If you were doing this
at Environment and Rural Affairs,
8.30,
you'd be very much outside the tent,
wouldn't you?
Probably at Coffee Republic.
Covered in piss.
Yeah. Good luck. You'll be fine.
You don't need good luck. Yeah.
What about the...piss?
No, no, no, it's just
a figure of speech.
I'd better go. See you later, Robyn.
OK. I'm sure there's a way of..
Robyn? Robyn, sorry.
Could you try and pick up any signals
you can from Malcolm about...about...
..about the reshuffle, you know.
I've really got to go now
cos I'm going to be late.
Yeah, God, don't be late!
Apparently they shout
things at the last one in.
If anyone shouts at you,
they'll have to answer to me.
I'll box his ears.
Box his ears?
If that was flirting, that was
absolutely crap. Why? Box his ears?
How long is it since you've had sex?
That is between me and my
internet service provider.
Anyway about this morning...
You've actually gone red, Glenn.
You have. You've gone red.
I have not gone red. That's red.
Yeah.
Look, he can hardly walk properly.
Morning, morning, morning. Morning.
OK, I want to have a
little bit of a think
about some of our presentational
issues with regard to yesterday.
There seems to have been a bit
of a problem last night with
Liam on Newsnight.
I would like to know, why did we
have a minister on last night who
did not appear to know the lines?
It's not his fault. We grilled him
before... Grilled him?
He's got a new baby...
I don't care if he's got a new baby.
I don't care if he's tired.
He looked like he didn't know
what he was fucking talking about.
He doesn't know what he
was fucking talking about, but he's
got to appear as if he does, right?
And that is your job and your job
yours, yours, yours, and yours,
yours, and yours.
For all your respective ministers.
Give them the lines. Right?
Yep. Give them all the lines to say?
This is the delightful Robyn.
She's just with us today.
She's standing in for Terri Coverley
at the Department of Social Affairs.
So let's be gentle with her, please.
No remarks about the Department of
Stuffed Anuses or the Department
of Stupid Announcements,
or the Department of Sod All.
Right, next. Reshuffle?
Yes, there is a pending reshuffle.
I can see we're not going to
get anything past you.
There was a young girl from DOSA
who helped herself to a samosa...
Ah! No, next time.
Sorry, just a bit of fun.
Um, yes, the reshuffle.
No, yes, well, definitely...
We don't know anything.
I don't know anything, so, um,
we can't say anything, but even
if we did, we wouldn't, but we
don't, so we both can't and won't.
Last cabinet before reshuffle.
What do you think? Should I go
in there with all guns blazing,
new policy ideas and do a big sort
of ha-cha-cha-cha-cha, you know?
Or should I be more "mmm", like
Buddha? You don't have to do either.
You could just sort of nod quietly,
nod wisely every so often and just,
have a policy in your back
pocket just in case you feel...
OK. What's the policy
I've got in my back pocket?
Tripling the number of quiet
carriages on intercity trains.
Oh, wow, what a big exciting
hard-on moment that's going to be.
That's not bad at all. Did you just
think of that? Straight out of there.
Hugh, after Cabinet,
you are going to...
Talk to Tucker about the reshuffle.
Yeah. I'll pop in and just slip
it in during the conversation.
Good. Much as you
intended to do with Robyn, I suspect.
Right, next.
What about Julius Nicholson?
I got it yesterday he was looking
at the MoD taking over UK
security from the Home Office.
That was flown by one of Nicholson's
mob. I'm spending half my time
dealing with this rubbish
that Nicholson's putting out there.
There's a Sunday
piece in the pipeline about you
and him not getting along.
I wondered if you'd got a line.
Julius Nicholson is a hugely
respected adviser.
He now has a wide-ranging brief
and his blue-sky vision and
helicopter thinking will enable this
government to go,
in his own phrase,
"beyond delivery and beyond that".
That's the line, OK? And if he does
stick his baldy head round your door
and comes up with some stupid idea
about policemen's helmets should be
yellow or let's set up
a department to count the moon,
just treat him like someone with
Alzheimer's disease, you know?
Just say to him,
"Oh, yeah, that's lovely.
"We must talk about that later," OK?
In no way, shape or form
is it going to have...
KNOCK AT DOOR
Come the fuck in or
fuck the fuck off.
I'll come the fuck in, then.
It's just something that
Nicholson's flown.
It's a kind of brain exercise, like,
"What would it be like if men had
tits?" You know?
Mark Mardell, yeah.
That's very good actually.
All right then, see you then. Hugh.
I thought you would want to
know as soon as possible. What?
Terri's dad... Yeah?
No news at the moment.
Right, so you've come to talk about
the reshuffle? Yeah, I have.
Yeah? In terms of shuffly stuff,
how is Neil? I mean,
is his heart...?
Have you not heard? No.
He's paralysed. Oh, no.
Neil's on wheels.
You're kidding. He's a vegetable.
Oh, my God. Yeah.
Mind you, that means you could have
his department. You are kidding.
Well, fuck you very much.
I know you're looking for
mouth-to-mouth on the reshuffle,
but I know nothing.
The PM is still working it out
on the back of a Coldplay CD
as we speak. Are you in, sir?
Oh, this is Julius Nicholson. Hello.
Nice to see you again. What
proposals have you got for us today?
How about a ban on sandcastles?
No, I just wanted to find
out if you're coming to my
FSG briefing this afternoon.
FSG briefing?
Forward Strategy Group.
Well, you know, Julius, I think
I'm just going to have to send one
of the boys.
I have got so much work to do here,
what with this...
Well... .the MoD.
As the minister said to the prince,
"Don't be surprised if
we abolish you."
I'll leave it with you.
That was a bit, um...
Are you all right? I'm fucking
all right. I can fucking look
after myself.
Under the spotlight now, aren't you?
Well, you should
just watch your own back,
what with the missus dripping poison
into the big guy's ear about you.
What missus?
The Prime Minister's missus.
Oh, you don't know?
She doesn't like the cut of
your jib, son. She doesn't...
She's hardly seen my jib.
I just had a conversation with her
at the New Year's party, that's all.
Why doesn't she like me?
I mean, what's not to like?
You just didn't click.
We couldn't click! We were
talking about the fucking Euro!
How are you supposed to click over
the Euro? It's fucking impossible.
Don't take it so personally.
You're telling me she
doesn't like me as a person! How else
am I supposed to take it?
Robyn, can you send these back to
archives cos they're just not even...
It's not highlighted. I'm not gonna
plough through that myself.
I also
need the last four months of the
European Digest. I'll...
Is it because you fancy me?
Is that what this is all about?
Sorry?
Why you're so bloody rude to me.
That's got to be the reason. Other
people, when they come in here,
they knock and they say
"hello", "good morning", "thank you"
and "nice top" sometimes.
Right, um... Well, no. I mean,
for a start, I don't fancy you.
I don't know where you got that,
but it's best to get it out
of your head.
If I'm slightly polite to you,
on a semi-regular basis, will that,
in any way bypass it?
That would definitely do it.
Well, thank you
very much for the work you do.
Hi, by the way, how are you?
I'm very well actually.
You look lovely.
Thank you. Can I have
the fucking digest, please?
That would be terrific.
All you had to do was ask, please.
Yeah, well, all I did do was ask.
Phwoar! It was a joke.
Hello. Hello.
Um... Morning, Minister.
Um, I need to have a
word with you, Ollie.
Then can you get me Terri on the
phone, please? Where is Glenn?
Er, Nicholson hauled him
in for one of his chats.
Oh. One of his bright ideas for
inflatable churches for rural
communities or tattooing immigrants.
Apparently,
the PM's wife doesn't like me.
Did you know this?
No. Um...why?
Well, two reasons - cut of my jib
and insufficient clicking.
So I'll be a minor footnote
in British political history
cos I didn't have an anecdote about
Charlotte Church's puppies. We can
brainstorm small-talk...
Ollie, realistically, I'm not going
to get promotion, not while
this Prime Minister's still in power?
Not while he's married to this wife.
Mind you, knowing your luck,
he'll leave her, she'll
marry his replacement.
I did mention your great
quiet carriages thing and he just...
..went, you know. What does
that mean? Fuck knows what it means,
but I don't think it means, "Oh,
Hugh, you're fantastic.
"Here, become Home Secretary," and
even if it did mean that, when he's
in bed tonight with Mrs PM,
she'll say, "What do you mean
Hugh Abbott as Home Secretary?
"The man is a social spastic and
very probably a registered nonce,
darling."
Terri on line one, and
there's her dad's name.
All right. Dad's name? Hell...hello.
Hello, how are you?
'I'm not great actually, Hugh...'
Yes, goodness me. Please be
sure to send my best to...to...
to your dad.
Look, I heard today that the
PM's wife doesn't like me.
Did you know about this?
'Yeah, I did know that.'
I know about the lack of click.
Was there anything else? 'Hugh,
my dad is dying.'
Of course. Thanks so much for taking
the time to talk to me Terri, really.
It must be a...you know...
Well, obviously, it's a very,
very hard time for you and,
it's just ironic that it happens to
have coincided with
such a very hard time for me.
Because, you know, I thought I
was solid with the reshuffle.
But, er, now, you know with the not
clicking bombshell...
I need to give the
impression that I'm not budging,
I'm staying exactly where I am,
you know, I'm here for ever,
like, you know, like, um...
like Ken, um...
Livingstone? Russell?
Hom? Barlow?
Barlow, like Ken Barlow, I'm solid.
Fucking arse clap. Robyn...
Look, I don't want to say
this too many times, but the
fact is Nicholson's shafted us.
He's cut us out of
the 8.30 briefings.
That's awful.
Yes, I know, but for now, this
department is no longer going to
any of Malcolm's 8.30 briefings, OK?
Tomorrow morning, I just stay here?
That's right. I don't want
to alarm Hugh... God, this gets
worse! Listen to me, Robyn.
He's got quite enough on his mind
at the moment, so tomorrow morning,
what you do is you leave here at
the same time, about 8.20 and you
fuck off out of and go
and sit in a park or something, OK?
Not tell Hugh?
Yes. It's only temporary.
I'm going to sort it out.
Won't it just be a bit demeaning?
Terri says there's a list of
Question Time producers in her top
desk drawer. Are you OK, Robyn?
Um, yeah. Have you been touching
her inappropriately?
Fuck off. Yes, I've got
the producer's names, so
thanks for that and is there anything
else, though, that I could do, like
photo ops or, er, a little party?
Schmooze the broadsheets, you
know, tell them how much I love
running social affairs.
'Whatever, whatever.' Yeah,
that would work wouldn't it? Everyone
loves a party?
Yeah. Well, I don't personally, but
people do. Get your head round this.
You'll go to a park. Which park?
Just choose... Green Park.
I don't like Green Park.
Which park do you like?
St James's Park.
Right, you go to St
James's Park, then, OK?
I think we should tell the Minister.
Listen, Robyn, I really
like you, but fuck off!
Has he been touching you
inappropriately again?
Don't you start.
Oh, God, I'm rubbish, apparently.
That's why Nicholson has banned
us from the 8.30 meetings,
and I've got to go and sit in
St James's Park and pretend I'm in a
meeting drinking coffee all morning.
I wouldn't worry. There should be
about five of you there doing that.
Oh, God! This is just another
example of thinking out of the box
by someone who's clearly out of
his fucking tree. I've got to go.
I'll talk to you later, OK, bye.
Malcolm Tucker. Julius Nicholson,
what can I do you for?
I am keen to have a chat with
Keith Percival.
Yeah, er, that won't be possible.
And I need to read
the O'Rourke papers. I'm afraid
not. Anything else?
Look, Malcolm,
you and I both know full well that
my power and authority
flows directly from the PM. If
you've got a problem... Keith is so
busy with real governmental work
that he doesn't have time to discuss
with you your ideas and theories.
The O'Rourke papers
are not relevant to anything we can
actually action at this moment.
That's slightly funny because
when I played tennis with the PM,
which I do, as you know,
every Sunday, he was saying
just how much he was looking
forward to seeing that paper.
He does think that your theories
are interesting. He tells me that
because I see him every day.
I also see him on a Sunday
when I see his family and I make
the fucking waffles.
But I cannot allow you to come
in here
and interfere with the
actual process of government.
Malcolm, that is my job.
That is what is happening.
Malcolm, Malcolm, sorry, there are
going to be big changes around here.
Are there? Get used to it. We'll
announce all this at the reshuffle.
With all due respect, Julius, the
reshuffle is the business of the PM,
and the PM alone, which means
that is my business, my remit.
Malcolm, historically yes,
but now it's part of my remit.
OK, I'll tell you what we should do.
Why don't we just get our remits
out, slap them on the table and see
who's got the biggest fucking remit?
Malcolm,
we need to talk about accommodation,
we need to talk about access...
Accommodation? Why am I
talking about accommodation?
It's a 21-man department.
We can't fit upstairs.
This is ideal.
21 men in here?
Not just in here, no.
This office here... Yeah.
..will be perfectly usable for not
only myself... That's not an office.
It is an office. It's a pantry.
Whatever it is, we will refit this
out as a working office and...
Julius, it's a fucking pantry, look.
So what? What we'll do
is we will kick through this,
bang, straight into
the PM's private study.
What are people going to say
when they come in and they say,
"Where is Julius Nicholson?"
I'm here. He's in the pantry! Here I
am. They're going to ridicule you.
They'll start saying...
Why would they ridicule me
over the fact... "Where's the
bankrupt in the cupboard?"
Why are you behaving like
a complete and utter prick?
I'm supposed to polish you up,
burnish you up, when get your
big break and you're on fucking
Call My Bluff or whatever it is, I'm
supposed to be... Come back in here!
Hey, come back in here!
Julius, get the fuck back in here!
Please, please, come back.
Let's be civilised.
Let's be civilised about it.
There are human resources outside.
Go over to your
fucking pantry, right. This
is a perfectly usable office space.
Cool it for one minute, OK?
Cool it and just fucking...
Cool it, shut up
and fucking listen to me.
This is an old fucking Georgian
door. Do you know how long
this has been here?
No idea. Since the time of
Elizabeth I, at least. Look.
That does not open.
Look at it. Try opening it.
Surely what stuff you like. Malcolm!
Character-building.
Team-building.
Put your hand there, try to open it.
It's a pantry. It's my fucking
pantry. Open the fucking door.
Try! What's wrong, you
don't want to touch it?
I was at the Woolsey with
Emma. Emma, that's still your
opposition bit of skirt, is it?
Yeah. Don't say bit of skirt, Hugh,
makes you sound like Sid James.
Minister, good morning.
Good morning. Hello. You off for the
8.30? Yep, into the house
of the snakes.
Sorry. Grass snakes are
benign, aren't they?
Can you,
can you try, really try, you know,
to get the goss on the re-shuffle?
I don't really care
how desperate you look at this point.
So don't pussyfoot around.
OK, I will really
give it a go this time.
Thanks. I thought you'd be up all
night doing the invitations
for my party.
Don't worry about that, look.
I am desperate, I don't really want
to look desperate, like Glenn.
God, here we go again.
Yeah, like Glenn what?
Well, I was just saying, the
last time you saw a snatch was...
Basic instinct.
You see that's good.
That's the kind of repartee
I need with the PM's wife.
It's that final "k-tsss", you
see, that's the bit I'm missing.
Yeah, I think you could drop
the snatch material with the
PM's wife, don't you? Well, OK.
Between the snatch and the Euro
there's some sort of happy medium.
Morning, morning, morning.
What's the story in
Bala-fucking-mory?
Who can tell me the issues
of the moment? First to answer wins
a big massive boat.
Alicia,
she says Nicholson is squelching
his way through the building,
so we're on standby at least.
Can't we just kill him?
What about just firing him
at a wall from a cannon?
Just a wall two feet away so he...
We force-feed him a mixture of
garlic and Dettol in Cupasoup.
What about the old red hot poker
up the arse, Edward II?
I'd like to nail him to
a tree through the head
and watch lice slowly crawl over
his body eating off all the flesh
in a slow and painful death.
But that rather bitter anomaly
aside, most of the responses
to the Warwick report press cuttings
were pretty, pretty positive.
Hello, Julius. Morning, Julius.
Just do that.
Right. Would you like a cup of tea?
No, no, I am bouncing! So
what I'm going to suggest, if I may?
Cupasoup? Not for me no.
I'm hoping to go over the ASBOs.
Are there any ASBOs processed
on this site, actioned or
processed on this site? No.
No, this is the ministry, everything
is done over at Richmond Terrace.
Just get my pen out.
Richmond...House is it?
Terrace. Terrace.
Sorry, OK, so that's... well.
We've been bouncing around about
this for the last couple of weeks
really. I'd like to have seen that.
..and we've got five Whitehall
departments having some sort of
impact upon the ASBO process.
We've got Lord Chancellor's,
DWP, Department of Health.
We take those away, so...
as, if, out of the five you've got,
let's put three with you.
So out of the five,
three are there.
Glenn's got custody of those
three for the time being. Two, four,
six billion pounds there.
I take two away,
so they come back to me.
I put that four billion
straight through to the Treasury.
We're left with the one,
that's a two billion pound figure,
which we can spread across
the money saving departments and
that's good news for Number Ten,
good news for the Treasury
and good news for Hugh Abbott.
So that's where we are, I will...
I shall leave that with you.
Interesting thought.
Within a few sort of...
I guess, months,
we'll have something concrete to,
to put to you. See you later.
All right. Bye. Bye.
Er... yes. Where were we?
He really is... this is dangerous.
He is actually unhinged.
But he's relatively harmless,
isn't he? If he's...
No, he's not harmless, because,
because this job's my livelihood.
And ours.
My children's shoes depend
on, now, having a madman suggest...
you know.
But do your children
need two shoes each?
He is not getting anywhere near my
fucking pantry, I'll tell you that.
That door is staying as open
as a fat whore's bone hole.
Sorry I'm late, the traffic was an
absolute bitch, no offence, Robyn.
How about the 8.30? How did that go?
Very quick, in and out. Right,
did you quiz him about the reshuffle?
Um, I didn't get a chance.
I did ask you
specifically to do that...
Hugh, I apologise, entirely my
fault. Er, Robyn give me a printout
and let me have a look at it.
So Question Time up the swanee...
Yeah. What the fuck d'you have to
do to get on TV?
Have sex with a pig, soil yourself?
I don't know the minimum
requirements are any more.
Terri. Hi, how's it going?
'He's gone Hugh.' Oh, dear.
Oh, I am so sorry,
Terri, I really am.
That's, that's really...
That's just, blimey.
OK? You OK now?
SOBBING
Yeah, yep.
Listen, what I was calling about,
we'll forget, forget about that.
There's no need
to talk about that now.
'OK.' Right, because
Question Time has bitten the
dust and I was just going to,
ask you if you could ring around some
of your broadsheet contacts and, um,
make absolutely sure that they're
all coming to my party tonight.
I just wanted to take the
opportunity of saying I really am
sorry that it got awkward with Hugh.
I don't like lying to the
minister, I really don't.
Yes, I do understand all this
sneaking about, you know,
make people think
we're having an affair.
Or something. You're joking? Well...
They think we're having an affair?
Well.
God!
It's a grave matter isn't it?
Yeah.
Not a good day to bury bad news.
No. Oh, fuck!
Julius, what a surprise.
What a surprise. Thank goodness
you didn't stumble on us burning a
whole load of money on a big bonfire.
Right. Well done on the
chat we had this morning.
The AIU are going to produce a paper
on this in the next ten to twelve
days.
Raise yourselves a glass.
Happi-ness.
Yes.
Right, well, I'll see you at
this Treasury bash I suppose.
What? The Treasury bash.
The Horseguards Parade thing. Paul
Webster, US Economic Secretary
of State, he's unexpectedly coming
over, and, er, Treasury are hosting
a bash for him this evening.
Don't tell me you've
not been invited.
Yes, no, I have, it's just
that I'm, um, I'm actually
bashing myself tonight. So you,
you've got your own bash, here?
Yep, yep.
Ah, back up everybody.
Put the brakes on.
We've got a bash happening here
tonight and at the Treasury?
Yeah. It sounds complicated,
but I like to maximise my face.
OK, well how many have you invited?
Um, all in I think we've
invited about 150 people.
And how many replies have you had?
Er, about,
I'd say, maybe half a side of A4.
Well, figures, figures, figures.
Twelve. Twelve? Twelve? But we're
expecting to do quite a lot of
business on the door.
So you're feeling a bit "aaarrggh"!
No, no I'm pretty relaxed about it.
I'm feeling sort of "hmmmmm".
Well, you know, it's quite
a healthy turnout.
Healthy turnout, this is
an ill turn out.
I don't recognise any of these
people, this kebab-shop owner,
a child here who's like a
butcher's apprentice.
I mean who is she, Myra Hindley
woman? Look, will you stop whinging?
When this Prime Minister and Imelda
fucking Marcos have gone,
some of these hacks will cease to
be pondlife and have some influence.
Just go in and ingratiate yourself!
...he goes, in fact the PM
told Geoff to get a life,
but apparently he's, er waiting
for the Treasury to clear it.
"K-tssss".
And Julius, Julius Nicholson, says,
"I'm sorry, but I think you'll
find that you're sitting in my seat".
And this was to God, as I
think I mentioned in the set up.
Anyway, have a lovely time.
Fiver if you set off the sprinklers.
You know, if you put Hugh in a
room full of people, he just,
he just clicks.
Sounds like West Side Story. Just...
So who do you work for?
Online Telegraph.
I, um, update the subscription-only
pages on the website.
It's a bit dull really.
And sorry, who are you?
I, I'm not a journalist,
I'm just one of Ollie's mates.
Right.
Angela, hello. Hello. Very nice
to see you. Thank you for coming.
So what's this about the demotion?
Sorry, what, what demotion is that?
Everyone knows that
you're not sending anyone to
Tucker's 8.30's any more.
Sorry, you're saying that, we're not
sending anyone to the 8.30s any more?
Yes. That's what I'm saying.
Yes, yes, yes,
we, yes. Glenn, the 8.30s?
Well, just because, um...
we're not going...
to the 8.30s any more
doesn't mean to say it isn't normal,
interdepartmental practice, because
you know, there just isn't enough
room to get everybody there and it
has to occur on a rotational basis.
You getting all this?
Yes, thanks it'll be on the website.
Why didn't you tell me, Glenn?
What possible reason did you have?
You saw me, I was swinging
like a colostomy bag.
Oh, Hugh, grow up. You did nothing.
There's stuff that happens in
this department every day.
I can't tell you everything.
Since when, Glenn,
does the Secretary of State for
Social Affairs, have to find out
from the fucking press that every
morning at 8.30 I'm being fisted up
to the gall bladder by a bald man?
Oh, yes, my...
Goodnight. Thanks for coming.
Take it easy.
Right guys, thanks very
much for staying on.
Julius Nicholson, right? Yep.
Blue-sky thinker.
Ex-business guru.
Dog rapist. Quite possibly.
He's being a nuisance to me.
He also has got plans to squeeze
your department so hard you'll
be lucky if you're left with one
bollock between the three of you.
So all I am doing here is asking
you, formally, if you will join me
in a little bit of a circle jerk.
Circle jerk, what? It's when a lot
of guys in a circle all, you know...
I assume you don't mean
literally, do you? Presumably?
Tony Mac in the lobby,
you know him, right?
Yeah. Call him, tell him that
you're getting it that Nicholson
is going to get Foreign Sec
in the reshuffle, via a seat. Tony.
Hi, how's it dangling? Yeah?
Listen, I just want to
run something past you.
I wonder if you're hearing...
I've been hearing,
that Nicholson's going to
be getting, er, Foreign Sec.
Hugh, who is your top
mate in the Commentariat?
Colin Sykes? Colin Sykes?
Yeah. That's your top mate? Yeah.
Call him up. Hi Colin. Yes, it's
Hugh Abbott speaking, how are you?
Yeah, you got a decent backhand yet,
have you? Hugh, Hugh Abbott,
we played tennis together.
Yeah. I know it's probably bollocks,
but that's what we all thought when
Jim was up for Home Secretary,
next thing, he's given up the
Columbian Marching Powder
and taken up the Sacraments.
Foreign Secretary is exactly
where he should be.
I mean, he's a smart guy, he
works hard. Cath, yeah,
I dunno where that's come from.
I've been getting that as well.
At one point I think I called him a
dog rapist. Stonewall them, OK,
I'll talk to the boss, right.
Now I've got to phone the
Prime Minister of Great Britain.
Alright, boss?
Yeah, look, I'm really sorry to
interrupt you, but we're getting hit
blind-side down here.
Stuff about Julius Nicholson. Cath
and I's phones are both white hot.
Stuff about him becoming
Foreign Sec. Is there...?
Am I out of the loop here?
The person that's most likely
to be getting his mates
to be putting this kind of stuff
around, is Julius Nicholson.
You put so much hope in them,
and they always let you down.
I think maybe Julius needs to
have his wings clipped a wee bit,
you know? Do you want to do it?
I think you're right.
I think it's better that I
just have a little chat.
I'll see you in the morning. Bye.
Fucking brilliant!
Eight missed messages.
Sleep lightly.
He's incredible.
Colin Sykes didn't know who I was.
I don't know who Colin Sykes is.
There you go. Swings and
roundabouts.
Who am I? Well,
we'll find out tomorrow, won't we?
Morning, morning, morning.
So what's the story
in Bala-fucking-mory?
Reshuffle. Excellent.
You win a year's supply of condoms.
Which in your case is four.
Anything? Fattie's just been in.
You know, he just managed to
squeeze past the policeman.
If you were promoted, good for you.
If it was a relegation, hard cheese.
If he dumps me, I'm going to find
that wife of his
and click her right
through the fucking head. Yeah.
PHONE RINGS
How d'you like this jib, darling?
Bang! That noise is the phone.
I know, I know. I'm in denial.
If you don't know whether or not you
were promoted or relegated, guess
what? You were fucking relegated.
Great. OK, bye-bye.
He wants me to go in.
Just hope it isn't farmers.
I just don't want to
pretend to be nice to farmers.
Knock it out the park!
Yeah, good luck.
Welcome back to lovely
Robyn from the all new,
totally revamped Department of
Social Affairs and Citizenship.
APPLAUSE
I've got no fucking idea what that
means either, but it spells SAC.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
No autographs please.
SAC unfortunately are being
turfed out of their rather tatty
old building, to be replaced
by Julius Nicholson and his
Advanced Implementation Unit.
And onto the broadcast schedule for
today. Colin did Today
which was lovely.
Sweet FA for the World
at One, please, as usual.
You know the lines,
"Most women ever.
"Younger average age
than the AC Milan defence."